Prepare release v1.1.0 (#111)
databricks/databricks-sql-nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.x (Unreleased)

## 1.1.0

- Fix: now library will not attempt to parse column names and will use ones provided by server
  (databricks/databricks-sql-nodejs#84)

> - Better error handling: more errors could now be handled in appropriate `.catch()` handlers instead of being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better error handling: more errors can now be handled in specific `.catch()` handlers instead of being
```
